h1. Python Script for RBN Hard rules checking

This script check for the following hard rules per track:

h2. Drums

* Rule #1
* Rule #2
* Rule #3

h2. Guitar

* Rule #1
* Rule #2
* Rule #3

h2. Bass

* Rule #1
* Rule #2
* Rule #3

h2. Keys

* Rule #1
* Rule #2
* Rule #3

h2. PRO Keys

* Rule #1
* Rule #2
* Rule #3

h2. Vocals / Harms

* Rule #1
* Rule #2
* Rule #3

h4. Known Issues

* KI #1
* KI #2

h2. Dependencies

Before running this script you will need:

* Python (version 2.7.3)
* REAPER 4.X

h2. Getting this script Application

You have several options for getting the code. You can _fork_ or _download as zip_.

h3. Fork

If you'd like to add features (or bug fixes) to improve the example application, you can fork the GitHub repo and "make pull requests":http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/. Your code contributions are welcome!

h4. Troubleshooting

A guide will be posted here

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this script, please share with others.

Send the author a message, create an "issue":https://github.com/Alexof/rbn-py-checker/issues, or fork the project and submit a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build a script that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Casto wrote the initial code in perl.

neurogeek and Alexof ported the code from perl to python

Alxof wrote the tutorial.

Is the script useful to you? Just go to RBN Creators website: !http://creators.rockband.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1968&highlight=script!
and say thanks!

h2. MIT License

"MIT License":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license

!http://www.mirockband.com!
